Fixed #35515 -- Added auto-importing to shell command. (#18158)
django/django: docs/ref/django-admin.txt

.. django-admin:: shell

Starts the Python interactive interpreter. 

This shell also auto-imports models from your project for you. Additionally, you
can customize which imports you want or add a new shell runner by following the
:doc:`custom-shell</howto/custom-shell>` guide.

> 

Reviewer: we would want a `versionchanged` annotation to highlight the new auto-import feature - search other docs for examples

.. django-admin:: shell

> Starts the Python interactive interpreter with all models auto-imported to the
> namespace.
> 
> You can customize what is imported or add a new shell runner by following the 
> :doc:`custom-shell</howto/custom-shell>` guide.
> 
> .. versionchanged:: 5.2
> 
>     Auto-importing of models was added.
> 
> .. admonition:: Models from different apps with the same name
> 
>     The auto-import feature registers your models looking for
>     :setting:`INSTALLED_APPS` in reverse. So, the models listed first, in
>     :setting:`INSTALLED_APPS` order, will override the models with the same
>     name. In order to access those models that were overridden, you can use the
>     ``<app_label>_models`` module notation, where ``app_label`` is the app whose
>     models you want to access.

Reviewer 2: Maybe
```suggestion
Starts the Python interactive interpreter with all models from
:setting:`INSTALLED_APPS` auto-imported to the namespace.

See the guide on :ref:`customizing the auto-importing behaviour
<customizing-shell-auto-imports>` to remove or add to the auto-imports.

.. admonition:: Models from different apps with the same name

    Models from apps listed earlier in :setting:`INSTALLED_APPS` take precedence
    over apps listed later in :setting:`INSTALLED_APPS`. In order to access
    models that were overridden, you can use ``<app_label>_models.<MyModel>``,
    where ``<app_label>`` is the app name and ``<MyModel>`` is the name of the
    overridden model.

.. versionchanged:: 5.2

    Auto-importing of models was added.
```

Starts the Python interactive interpreter.

All models from all installed apps are automatically imported. See the guide on
:ref:`customizing this behaviour <customizing-shell-auto-imports>` to add or
remove imports.

Models from apps listed earlier in :setting:`INSTALLED_APPS` take precedence.

> Access models from later, lower-precedence apps through its models module,
> which is made available as ``<app_label>_models``, for example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can access overridden models from later, lower-precedence apps through its
models module, which is made available as ``<app_label>_models``, for example
```
We lost the clarification that these are models with the same name, adding "overridden" to try and emphasize this

Starts the Python interactive interpreter.

> All models from :setting:`INSTALLED_APPS` are auto-imported to the namespace.
> See the guide on :ref:`customizing the auto-importing behaviour
> <customizing-shell-auto-imports>` to remove or add to the auto-imports.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All models from all installed apps are automatically imported. See the guide on
:ref:`customizing this behaviour <customizing-shell-auto-imports>` to add or
remove imports.

```

> .. admonition:: Models from different apps with the same name
> 

Reviewer: I don’t think this needs a special box of any kind and it can just be a second paragraph. Admonitions and other boxes are for extra topics, but model name collisions are a natural continuation of the previous paragraph.

```suggestion
```

>     Models from apps listed earlier in :setting:`INSTALLED_APPS` take precedence
>     over models from apps listed later. You can access models that were
>     overridden using ``myapp_models.MyModel``, where ``myapp`` is the app name
>     and ``MyModel`` is the name of the overridden model.

Reviewer: An attempt to clarify wording and use more realistic app and model names.

```suggestion
Models from apps listed earlier in :setting:`INSTALLED_APPS` take precedence.
Access models from later, lower-precedence apps through its models module,
which is made available as ``<app_label>_models``, for example
``biblio_models.Book`` to access a model called ``Book`` in an app called
``biblio``.
```

.. versionchanged:: 5.2

>     Auto-importing of models was added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Automatic importing of models was added.
```

Starts the Python interactive interpreter.

All models from all installed apps are automatically imported. See the guide on
:ref:`customizing this behaviour <customizing-shell-auto-imports>` to add or
remove imports.

Models from apps listed earlier in :setting:`INSTALLED_APPS` take precedence.
You can access overridden models from later, lower-precedence apps through its
models module, which is made available as ``<app_label>_models``, for example
``biblio_models.Book`` to access a model called ``Book`` in an app called

> ``biblio``.

Author: I suppose we only mention objects with a path, such as functions and classes with a `__module__` attribute, as requested in this [thread](https://github.com/django/django/pull/18158#discussion_r1718351896).

> ``biblio``.

Reviewer 2: Checked the docs and there are a couple of references in the docs for when a `--verbosity` flag is set, so let's add this to the docs :+1:
